---
layout: blog_post
title:  "Late 2018 Update"
date:   2018-11-07
categories: ['site-update', 'self-post']
---

February the 7th 2018... That was the last time I updated this blog and site. To say that 2018 was a busy year for me is an understatement, many of my projects that I had planned (and even started) had to be put on the back burners which, unfortunately, included this website.

Throughout the year, my mind has not stopped thinking of different projects that I could do and how I would go about doing them. In March this year I haphazardly threw together an UnRaid server to act as Network Attached Storage and to provide media across the network. That PC has been sat on the desk collecting dust without a case since - I have a plan to create a DIY Server Rack and Case for this and the other server related projects around the house - including some smart home upgrades like a CCTV System and smart pool box.

For now, I will be pouring most of my efforts into the website. University had finished for the year and therefore I have a lot more time on my hands. Once I am happy with the site - only some minor adjustments have to be made, I can start working on showing the code and the hurdles I went through when creating it - believe me there were a few!

Some may have noticed that there has been a slight redesign with the home page. I felt that the old design wasn't professional enough and didn't reflect what I wanted to show with the design of the whole website.

{% include image.html file="/assets/blog/old_home.png" description="The 'old' homepage design" %}

Above is the previous design of the homepage. Beneath that it also had a blue span with images showing that the site included my portfolio and blog. I felt that the use of images here instead of text appeared unprofessional and decided to remove them completely. I feel that a site such as this is going to be viewed and shared as a portfolio and therefore vistors didn't need reminding that this was a portfolio website. You can see a snapshot of the new design below;

{% include image.html file="/assets/blog/new_home.png" description="The new homepage design" %}

Projects and about need fixing as they have a slight margin/padding error - they also need content!

I'll try to do an update post at least once a week depending on what I get up to throughout the week, but for now that's all for now,

Matt
